Good night guys, I'm doing my homework here.
It's my first video but had your try.
do
who does not like the tips video does not
but do not belittle nobody is good to receive
a client called today was to meet and
I noticed that he complained, right?
previously that the computer does not
started
when I got there the windows enter the
login screen passed lobo and was left with
the whole black screen only with popping mouse
appearing in the middle of good work
find the hotel with agents know
between jesse task I installed the washing
as we have a procedure does
You know that I like but do not conflict
resolved
I was in messe config I disabled the
but I still have the same problem.
so I started looking for control of the
pests you have installed
I joined the one who commands another
panel
We know about control.
I looked for what was there and I found it
ps by the party
several sharks but what I found
never because I had never seen anything
more I saw infrequently was
show installing a baidu browser
which is what a plague that is coming
here are you going to install some months
there it is much less well known than
the baidu and I noticed when I entered the
management of the task that was
such a certain process that had
exactly from here 11 and in the description that
full name one off the map right nodes
I'm not mistaken in packers
I think it's a packet charger on
What do you think, this is not messi?
confirm it can enable or
I searched the system for service and did not
I found it right and then I started to
to look for is to wear
will be in the system after all had to the
that I did of dedetização I did until the
User also did not work
but then I looked, I started looking
about this key, right?
know when to start the system yes another
thing
When this novel was finished, it goes well.
was here the owner of the image was mossi
when the initial system ended
normal, so do you think he plans on
this is a prerogative of the 32 that
comes from the right system that loads some
programs and I joined the new
windows task and started searching
there was not a above was was not in
I looked up as I think a lot of people
what do you do in the click here in control efec
I put a so right but I have objections
I did not remember the house but in time I
I have been stirring
so I came here with the boss he thought
from here I marked current uses software
microsoft sure had
Microsoft does not microsoft windows
currentversion with 11
certain is that had two keys that key
default value is not set and has a
key here under registration and enrolled
11 vap I thought and found the problem right?
erase that certain key that was
seeing this problem in loading
I was the key author on that local machine
software microsoft windows is now
open the team has already looked at windows
currentversion right and I came here right
and had the other plate that another value
that I did I deleted
remembering that this 11 if you prove only
11 found the nero key and such but not
I can not believe I do not believe the nero.
do it because it hurts you have
usability to boot the system
unlike these programs it is
expressed in the keys closed and resolved
The problem is if the machine system
client started normally I am
sharing because it was one thing
boring that I caught solve in a little bit
Gods time, but many times he
can be beaten completely and people
You know that we have to leave the
format in the last case the issue does not
is to format the question is to know which
problem and resolve the next time on
the shortest possible time because it
The life of the technician we charge the same
clear value but it 's just one more way
easy
so thank you all better tutu
in the information technology group where
It has many, many colleagues there does not help
I wanted to send a special hug to the
group show I do not remember the name
Renato, that 's a colleague of mine.
here it has helped me quite right and
that's it folks
Thank you, thank you very much, everyone.
night